Enable support for VideoChat-Flash-Qwen2_5-7B_InternVideo2-1B (#3414)
openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai: site/docs/supported-models/index.mdx

#### phi4mm {#phi4mm-notes}

Apply https://huggingface.co/microsoft/Phi-4-multimodal-instruct/discussions/78/files to fix the model export for `transformers>=4.50`

#### VideoChat-Flash {#videochat-flash-notes}

1. Current implementation is video-only. Image inference is not supported for this model type.
2. Visual history across rounds is not supported, so multi-round visual context is limited.

> 3. Video frames count must be divisible by `mm_local_num_frames` from `config.json`.

Author: done

Apply https://huggingface.co/microsoft/Phi-4-multimodal-instruct/discussions/78/files to fix the model export for `transformers>=4.50`

#### VideoChat-Flash {#videochat-flash-notes}

1. Current implementation is video-only. Image inference is not supported for this model type.
2. Visual history across rounds is not supported, so multi-round visual context is limited.

> 3. If input frame count is not divisible by mm_local_num_frames in config.json, extra frames are dropped (e.g., 10 frames with mm_local_num_frames=4 drops the last 2 frames).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### VideoChat-Flash {#videochat-flash-notes}

1. The current implementation supports video input only; image inference is not supported for this model type.
2. Visual history is not preserved across rounds, so multi-turn interactions have limited visual context.
3. If the number of input frames is not divisible by `mm_local_num_frames` (as defined in `config.json`), the remaining frames are discarded. Example: 10 frames with mm_local_num_frames = 4, the last 2 frames are dropped.

```
